Reformating Issue #946 (#3708)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/usmt/usmt-recognized-environment-variables.md

## In This Topic

-   [Variables that are processed for the operating system and in the context of each user](#Variables-that-are-processed-for-the-operating-system-and-in-the-context-of-each-user)

-   [Variables that are recognized only in the user context](#Variables-that-are-recognized-only-in-the-user-context)

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >Onedrive and Sharepoint variables are considered different products that's the reason why are not listed here, on the windows 10 variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Onedrive and Sharepoint variables are considered different products, that is why they are not listed here as Windows 10 variables.
```

## Variables that are processed for the operating system and in the context of each user

You can use these variables within sections in the .xml files with `context=UserAndSystem`, `context=User`, and `context=System`.

> | Variable  | Explanationr |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Variable  | Explanation |
```

| :---: | ------------- |

> |ALLUSERSAPPDATA |Same as CSIDL_COMMON_APPDATA|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ALLUSERSAPPDATA |Same as CSIDL_COMMON_APPDATA.|
```

|ALLUSERSPROFILE |Refers to %PROFILESFOLDER%\Public or %PROFILESFOLDER%\all users.|
|COMMONPROGRAMFILES |Same as CSIDL_PROGRAM_FILES_COMMON.|
|COMMONPROGRAMFILES(X86)| Refers to the C:\Program Files (x86)\Common Files folder on 64-bit systems.|
|CSIDL_COMMON_ADMINTOOLS|Version 10.0. The file-system directory that contains administrative tools for all users of the computer.|
|CSIDL_COMMON_ALTSTARTUP|The file-system directory that corresponds to the non-localized Startup program group for all users.|

> |CSIDL_COMMON_APPDATA|The file-system directory that contains application data for all users. A typical path Windows is C:\ProgramData.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CSIDL_COMMON_APPDATA|The file-system directory that contains application data for all users. A typical Windows path is C:\ProgramData.|
```

|CSIDL_WINDOWS|The Windows directory or system root. This corresponds to the %WINDIR% or %SYSTEMROOT% environment variables. A typical path is C:\Windows.|
|DEFAULTUSERPROFILE|Refers to the value in HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList [DefaultUserProfile].|
|PROFILESFOLDER|Refers to the value in HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList [ProfilesDirectory].|
|PROGRAMFILES|Same as CSIDL_PROGRAM_FILES.|
|PROGRAMFILES(X86)|Refers to the C:\Program Files (x86) folder on 64-bit systems.|
|SYSTEM|Refers to %WINDIR%\system32.|
|SYSTEM16|Refers to %WINDIR%\system.|
|SYSTEM32|Refers to %WINDIR%\system32.|
|SYSTEMPROFILE|Refers to the value in HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\ProfileList\S-1-5-18 [ProfileImagePath].|
|SYSTEMROOT|Refers to the root of the system drive.|
|WINDIR|Refers to the Windows folder located on the system drive.|

## Variables that are recognized only in the user context

You can use these variables in the .xml files within sections with `context=User` and `context=UserAndSystem`.

| Variable  | Explanation |
| :---: | ------------- |
|APPDATA|Same as CSIDL_APPDATA.|

> |CSIDL_ADMINTOOLS|The file-system directory that is used to store administrative tools for an individual user. The Microsoft® Management Console (MMC) saves customized consoles to this directory, which roams with the user profile.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CSIDL_ADMINTOOLS|The file-system directory that is used to store administrative tools for an individual user. The Microsoft Management Console (MMC) saves customized consoles to this directory, which roams with the user profile.|
```

|CSIDL_DESKTOP|The virtual folder representing the Windows desktop.|
|CSIDL_DESKTOPDIRECTORY|The file-system directory used to physically store file objects on the desktop, which should not be confused with the desktop folder itself. A typical path is C:\Users\username\Desktop.|
|CSIDL_DRIVES|The virtual folder representing My Computer that contains everything on the local computer: storage devices, printers, and Control Panel. The folder may also contain mapped network drives.|
|CSIDL_FAVORITES|The file-system directory that serves as a common repository for the user's favorites. A typical path is C:\Users\Username\Favorites.|
|CSIDL_HISTORY|The file-system directory that serves as a common repository for Internet history items.|
|CSIDL_INTERNET|A virtual folder for Internet Explorer.|
|CSIDL_INTERNET_CACHE|The file-system directory that serves as a common repository for temporary Internet files. A typical path is C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Temporary Internet Files|
|CSIDL_LOCAL_APPDATA|The file-system directory that serves as a data repository for local, non-roaming applications. A typical path is C:\Users\username\AppData\Local.|

> |CSIDL_MYDOCUMENTS|The virtual folder representing My Documents.A typical path is C:\Users\Username\Documents.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CSIDL_MYDOCUMENTS|The virtual folder representing My Documents. A typical path is C:\Users\Username\Documents.|
```
